Mtv 2759 live migration (#767)
kubev2v/forklift-documentation: documentation/modules/creating-plan-wizard-cnv-live.adoc

//
// * documentation/doc-Migration_Toolkit_for_Virtualization/master.adoc

:_content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="creating-plan-wizard-cnv-live_{context}"]
= Creating a migration plan for a live migration by using the {project-short} wizard

[role="_abstract"]
You create a migration plan for a live migration of virtual machines (VMs) almost exactly as you create a migration plan for a cold migration. The only difference is that you specify it is a *Live migration* in the *Migration type* page.

.Prerequisites

As described in xref:cnv-cnv-live-prerequisites_mtv[{virt} live migration prerequisites].

.Procedure

. In the {ocp} web console, click *Migration for Virtualization* > *Migration plans*.
. Click *Create plan*.
+
The *Create migration plan* wizard opens.
+
. On the *General* page, specify the following fields:

* *Plan name*: Enter a name.
* *Plan project*: Select from the list.
* *Source provider*: Select from the list. You can use any {virt} provider. You do not need to create a new one for a live migration. 
* *Target provider*: Select from the list. Be sure to select the correct {virt} target provider.
* *Target project*: Select from the list.

. Click *Next*.
+

> . On the *Virtual machines* page, select the virtual machines you want to migrate and be sure they are powered on. A live migration fails if any of its VMs are powered off.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. On the *Virtual machines* page, select the virtual machines you want to migrate and ensure they are powered on. A live migration fails if any of its VMs are powered off.
```

+
. Click *Next*.
+
. On the *Network map* page, choose one of the following options:

* *Use an existing network map*: Select an existing network map from the list.
+
These are network maps available for all plans, and therefore, they are _ownerless_ in terms of the system. If you select this option and choose a map, a copy of that map is attached to your plan, and your plan is the _owner_ of that copy. Any changes you make to your copy do not affect the original plan or any copies that other users have.
+
[NOTE]
====

> If you choose an existing map, be sure it has the same source provider and target provider as the ones you want to use in your plan.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you select an existing map, be sure it has the same source provider and target provider as the ones you want to use in your plan.
```

:_content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="creating-plan-wizard-cnv-live_{context}"]
= Creating a migration plan for a live migration between {virt} clusters by using the {project-short} wizard

[role="_abstract"]
You create a migration plan for a live migration of virtual machines (VMs) from one {virt} cluster to another almost exactly as you create a migration plan for a cold migration. The only difference is that you specify it is a *Live migration* in the *Migration type* page.

.Prerequisites

As described in xref:cnv-cnv-live-prerequisites_mtv[{virt} live migration prerequisites].

.Procedure

. In the {ocp} web console, click *Migration for Virtualization* > *Migration plans*.
. Click *Create plan*.
+
The *Create migration plan* wizard opens.
+
. On the *General* page, specify the following fields:

* *Plan name*: Enter a name.
* *Plan project*: Select from the list.
* *Source provider*: Select from the list. You can use any {virt} provider. You do not need to create a new one for a live migration. 
* *Target provider*: Select from the list. Be sure to select the correct {virt} target provider.
* *Target project*: Select from the list.

. Click *Next*.
+

> . On the *Virtual machines* page, select the virtual machines you want to migrate and be sure they are powered on. A live migration will fail if any of its VMs are powered off.

Reviewer 2: A live migration fails...

+
. Click *Next*.
+
. On the *Network map* page, choose one of the following options:

* *Use an existing network map*: Select an existing network map from the list.
+
These are network maps available for all plans, and therefore, they are _ownerless_ in terms of the system. If you select this option and choose a map, a copy of that map is attached to your plan, and your plan is the _owner_ of that copy. Any changes you make to your copy do not affect the original plan or any copies that other users have.
+
[NOTE]
====
If you choose an existing map, be sure it has the same source provider and target provider as the ones you want to use in your plan.
====

> * *Use a new network map*: Allows you to create a new network map by supplying the following data. This map is attached to this plan, which will then be considered to be its owner. Maps that you create using this option are not available in the *Use an existing network map* option because each is created with an owner.

Reviewer 2: ", which is then considered..."  (no need for will)

+
[NOTE]
====
You can create an ownerless network map, which you and others can use for additional migration plans, in the *Network Maps* section of the UI.
====

** *Source network*: Select from the list.
** *Target network*: Select from the list.
+
If needed, click *Add mapping* to add another mapping.
** *Network map name*: Enter a name or let {project-short} automatically generate a name for the network map.

. Click *Next*.
+
. On the *Storage map* page, choose one of the following options:

* *Use an existing storage map*: Select an existing storage map from the list.
+

> These are storage maps available for all plans, and therefore, they are _ownerless_ in terms of the system. If you select this option and choose a map, a copy of that map is attached to your plan, and your plan is the _owner_ of that copy. Any changes you make to your copy do not affect the original plan or any copies that other users have.

Reviewer 2: Maybe:

These are storage maps available for all plans and, as such, they are ownerless from the system's perspective.

Author: @nunzy1 Will come back to later (maybe after GA). Same phrasing is used through the document and I need to check your suggestion.

+
[NOTE]
====
You can create an ownerless storage map, which you and others can use for additional migration plans, in the *Storage Maps* section of the UI.
====

** *Source storage*: Select from the list.
** *Target storage*: Select from the list.
+
If needed, click *Add mapping* to add another mapping.
** *Storage map name*: Enter a name or let {project-short} automatically generate a name for the storage map.

. Click *Next*.
+
// Migration type page
. On the *Migration type* page, choose *Live migration*.
+
If *Live migration* does not appear as an option, return to the *General* page and verify that both the source provider and target provider are {virt} clusters.
+
If they are both {virt} clusters, have someone with `admin-cluster` privileges ensure that the prerequisites for live migration between {virt} clusters are met. For more information, see xref:cnv-cnv-live-prerequisites_mtv[{virt} live migration prerequisites].

. Click *Next*.
+

> . On the *Other settings (optional)* page, you have the option to change the *Transfer network* of your migration plan. However, you can ignore this page. 

Reviewer 2: Up to you...    I might remove "however".

I know we've talked about long procedures.  Maybe we can split it up, not now, but sometime in the future.

Author: @nunzy1 Agreed, the procedures for creating migration plans should be broken up, but I will want to check how that would be best done in DITA.

. Click *Next*.
+
. On the *Hooks (optional)* page, you can add a pre-migration hook, a post-migration hook, or both types of migration hooks. All are optional.

. To add a hook, select the appropriate *Enable hook* checkbox.
. Enter the *Hook runner image*.
. Enter the *Ansible playbook* of the hook in the window.
+
[NOTE]
====
You cannot include more than one pre-migration hook or more than one post-migration hook in a migration plan.
====

. Click *Next*.
+
// Review and create page
. On the *Review and Create* page, review the information displayed.
. Edit any item by doing the following:

.. Click its *Edit step* link.
+

> The wizard opens to the page on which you defined the item.

Reviewer 2: page where you defined the item
